welcome to the poor man's gourmet
kitchen where we share gourmet recipes
add a little bunch of wonder
check this alright today we're going to
be doing Chris bean burritos as you can
see I've got a sizable tortilla right
here from me it's pretty big pretty
doughy
it's got a real good consistency to us
you can roll it won't crack or or fail
on you when you wrap up any kind of
burrito but we're going to keep it
simple like I said Chris bean burritos
what we're doing here I've already got
the refried beans now believe it or not
the best way to do this is to pick up
yourself a bag of these okay they are
dehydrated refried beans and the secret
to these that most people won't tell you
other it following the regular
directions it's a start with some bacon
fat in the bottom of your pan then
follow the rest of the directions okay
the very end through it some scallions
stir it up like this as you can see in
there a little green scallion pieces in
there and then you're good to go now
what you can do is take these tortillas
cut them just like this cut them in
fours don't have to be perfect and then
what you're going to do is after the
beans have cooled down enough to where
they're thick because you don't want to
run it off here your play you don't want
them
in the fryer bleeding out everywhere so
you're going to put just a little amount
right there like that and you're going
to smear it on the inside and you're
going to keep to one of these edges here
keep away from this edge here and then
all you got to do roll it
to admit
I stab it in and I come back out okay
and that's that that's all you got to do
I'm going to knock out a bunch more of
these and we'll take it to the fryer now
here's the easy part
get your fryer up to 375 and drop these
things right in there
we don't just take a couple minutes for
those to get the killer we'll pull them
out okay they're good to go
just clip that dryer up
like so let it drip-dry give it a few
minutes and we'll take it to some paper
towel and serve it up
there you go now very simply just pull
the toothpick out how hard is that
crispy and burritos right here in the
poor man's gourmet kitchen